# TeachMeSkills_C27_Lesson_9_HW
Homework for the ninth lesson

1. **task1** there is a class hierarchy. Abstract sealed class "Figure" with field "name" and constructor with one parameter. Mandatory abstract methods have been created for calculating the area of ​​a figure, the perimeter of a figure and displaying information. These methods are extended into the generated final classes "Triangle", "Rectangle" and "Circle". Fields "sideH", "height", "sideFirst" and "sideSecond" are created in the class "Triangle" and a constructor with five parameters is created. Fields "length" and "width" are created in the class "Rectangle" and a constructor with three parameters is created. Field "radius" is created in the class "Circle" and a constructor with two parameters is created. There is an interface "Const" for storing constants. This interface stores a PI constant with the value 3.14159. Operations are performed, objects are created, methods are called in the new class "Runner".

2. **task2** there is a class "Utils". In this class there is a static method "displayArray" for displaying the array on the screen using "System.out.println". The method takes a two-dimensional array as input. The static method "displayArray" is used three times: outputting the first array, outputting the second array and outputting the result of multiplying two arrays. The class "Utils" also contains a method "multiplicationArray" for multiplying two arrays. Arrays are declared and initialized, methods are called and checks are written in the class "Runner".

3. **task3** there is a class abstract "BaseCard" from which it is forbidden for other classes to inherit, except "BelCard, "MasterCard", "VisaCard". These classes extend class "BaseCard". Also these classes are final. These classes implement a required method "transferFromCardToCard". This method is contained in the interface "ITransfer". The input method takes parameters BelCard belCard, MasterCard masterCard, VisaCard visaCard, double transferAmount, double commission. The class "Client" contains all private fields, as well as getters and setters. Class "TransferFabric" contains a static method "transferAmount". Accepts parameters as input String cardNumber, int cvv, String firstName, String lastName. Interface "Const" contains constants. Operations are performed, objects are created, methods are called in the new class "Runner". 

